# Digital Filter GUI

Designed a GUI for the digital filter as follows:

## Use Case

Designed a GUI for the digital filter as follows:

    a) Provided a space for the user to enter array of numerator and denominator coefficients. User can enter coefficients in   the square brackets provided in the space, for ex. [0.2452  0  -0.2452].

    b) Provided a space for the user to enter the sampling frequency. User should click the push button ‘Enter’ after entering the values. After clicking enter – Max limit value of slider is set to Fs/2 Hz. Min limit value remains 0 Hz.

    c) User can click on the option to view the filter’s frequency response (called as Mode 1 here). Once it is selected, GUI should display the magnitude and phase plot of the filter. Magnitude plot can be either linear plot or dB plot according to selection. A check box is to select a decibel plot of magnitude response.  (Default view is linear plot). On x-axis it is frequency in Hz, i.e. from 0 to Fs/2. (It can be suitably assumed that the plots would be normalized in magnitude scale.  For linear plot –Max value =1, for dB scale max value = 0. This can be taken care by the user while entering the coefficients.) Select a dB scale from 0 to -80 dB.

    d) User can also select an input-output view (called as mode 2 here). In this mode, a slider is available to select a value between 0 Hz to Max Fs/2 Hz. According to the position of slider, a sinusoidal signal of 1 V and of selected frequency should be provided as the input to the filter. GUI should display input and output frequency domain view in the spaces provided. Frequency domain view is a one sided spectrum from 0 to FS/2. (Here, FS-Sampling freq), plotted as magnitude vs. Freq in Hz.
    
All axis labels and titles of the plot are generated by the program accordingly.
